update: recommended IDEs change with the new KMP plugin (#392)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/tools/recommended-ides.md

[//]: # (title: Recommended IDEs and code editors)

## IntelliJ IDEA

[IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) provides full Kotlin Multiplatform support.

On macOS with IntelliJ IDEA 2025.1.1.1,
you can install the [Kotlin Multiplatform IDE plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/14936-kotlin-multiplatform)
that provides basic launching and debugging capabilities for iOS apps,
preflight environment checks, and other helpful KMP functionality.

## Android Studio

[Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) is another stable solution for Kotlin Multiplatform.

> On macOS with Android Studio Narwhal 2025.1.1 (right now at Canary 10),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS with Android Studio Narwhal 2025.1.1 (currently at Canary 10),
```
